en, zh: Add evict tikv leader timeout part (#1207)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

For all configurable start parameters of TiCDC, see [TiCDC configuration](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/docs/api-references/docs.md#ticdcconfig).

> ### Configure TiDB cluster graceful upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure graceful upgrade for TiDB cluster 
```

When Kubernetes deletes the TiDB Pod, it also removes the TiDB node from the service endpoints. This is to ensure that the new connection is not established to this TiDB node. However, because this process is asynchronous, you can make the system sleep for a few seconds before you send the `kill` signal, which makes sure that the TiDB node is removed from the endpoints.

> ## Configure graceful upgrade for TiKV cluster

Reviewer: Aligned with the Chinese version, this title should be in the 3rd level.  For "## Configure TiDB cluster graceful upgrade", similarly, please update it to the 3rd level as well.

> ## Configure graceful upgrade for TiKV cluster

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure graceful upgrade for TiKV cluster
```

When Kubernetes deletes the TiDB Pod, it also removes the TiDB node from the service endpoints. This is to ensure that the new connection is not established to this TiDB node. However, because this process is asynchronous, you can make the system sleep for a few seconds before you send the `kill` signal, which makes sure that the TiDB node is removed from the endpoints.

> ## Configure TiKV cluster graceful upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure graceful upgrade for TiKV cluster
```

> Before restart tikv, we will evict all leaders in it, we only restart it when the leader number drop into zero or reach a specified timeout.

Reviewer: During TiKV upgrade, TiKV Pod is restarted only after the upgrade evicts all Region leaders on TiKV Pod (which means the Region leader number drops to 0) or the eviction reaches the specified timeout (10 minutes by default).

> Before restart tikv, we will evict all leaders in it, we only restart it when the leader number drop into zero or reach a specified timeout.

Author: ```suggestion
During TiKV upgrade, TiKV Pod is restarted only after the Operator evicts all Region leaders on TiKV Pod (which means the Region leader number drops to 0) or the eviction reaches the specified timeout (10 minutes by default).
```

> During TiKV upgrade, TiKV Pod is restarted only after the Operator evicts all Region leaders on TiKV Pod (which means the Region leader number drops to 0) or the eviction reaches the specified timeout (10 minutes by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During TiKV upgrade, TiDB Operator evicts all Region leaders from TiKV Pod before restarting TiKV Pod. Only after the eviction is completed (which means the number of Region leaders on TiKV Pod drops to 0) or the eviction exceeds the specified timeout (10 minutes by default), TiKV Pod is restarted. 
```

> If you want to specified the timeout, you can specified `spec.tikv.evictLeaderTimeout` (default 3 minutes).

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to specified the timeout, you can specified `spec.tikv.evictLeaderTimeout` (10 minutes by default).
```

> If you want to specified the timeout, you can specified `spec.tikv.evictLeaderTimeout` (10 minutes by default).
> 
> If you do not want it to restart after timeout with having not evicting all leaders, you can just specified a large value like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the eviction of Region leaders exceeds the specified time-out, restarting TiKV Pod causes issues such as failures of some requests or more latency. To avoid the issues, you can configure the timeout `spec.tikv.evictLeaderTimeout` (10 minutes by default) to a larger value. For example:
```
